# Laser-Speckle-Contrast
It is the processing procedure for laser speckle contrast on Matlab. The program is designed to obtain true flow speckle contrast and flow rate measured by LSCI under single exposure, which specifically worked by removing static scattering, estimating and correcting noise. There are two main programs:(1) system calibration, (2) sample measurement. System calibration is to measure the parameters of the entire system. By analyzing the dark current image and processing the results of the reflected standard volume, we can obtain the required system information. Sample measurement is to measure the true flow speckle contrast and flow rate in a flow rate measurement experiment. These two programs are independent of each other. The data of the first program can be read into the second program, or the parameters of the second program can be set by itself. In this program, there is a program that reads data in its original format. If the data is in another format, it will replace the program with the appropriate format. This program is a data demodulation method. If you need more than one data, add a loop structure based on this. Picture2 is a schematic diagram of the experimental setup, which is a sample that can be modified to suit itself. The picture 'Program' provides an overview of the complete procedures for system calibration, sample measurement, noise correction and static scatter removal. This program can be used to achieve robust quantitative single exposure laser speckle imaging.
